On the opposite side, you don't want to get the family's property
Oh.
So you can help me?
I can help you.
As long as you can help me encourage the baron
I can definitely help you get the shares of the Li Group
share
It's true.
What do you need me to do for you?
I need you to do a lot of good
You are Dabao
You are the second treasure
I am Erbao
I am Dabao
Sorry babies mom
You don't even recognize your own son
Dabao
Have you abused you all these years?
I am Erbao
Babies must not be discovered by your daddy
Doesn't mommy want to leave you?
Hide now
Dr. Lin has something to do
Sir is unwell
Please go to the first room on the second floor
Oops, isn't that room Second Uncle's room?
Who is the second uncle?